Clarified OS Light/Dark Mode functionality (#5858)
mattermost/docs: source/welcome/customize-your-theme.rst

  {"sidebarBg":"#011627","sidebarText":"#d6deeb","sidebarUnreadText":"#d6deeb","sidebarTextHoverBg":"#1d3b53","sidebarTextActiveBorder":"#ff2c83","sidebarTextActiveColor":"#82aaff","sidebarHeaderBg":"#1d3b53","sidebarHeaderTextColor":"#d6deeb","onlineIndicator":"#addb67","awayIndicator":"#ffbc42","dndIndicator":"#f74343","mentionBg":"#d6deeb","mentionBg":"#d6deeb","mentionColor":"#145dbf","centerChannelBg":"#011627","centerChannelColor":"#d6deeb","newMessageSeparator":"#ff8800","linkColor":"#2389d7","buttonBg":"#166de0","buttonColor":"#011627","errorTextColor":"#fd5960","mentionHighlightBg":"#0b2942","mentionHighlightLink":"#82aaff","codeTheme":"solarized-dark"}

Dark Theme (desktop app only)
-----------------------------

The system display preference that you set on your computer (e.g., Light Mode or Dark Mode) is also applied to the Mattermost desktop app.

.. image:: ../images/dark-theme-via-os.gif

>   :alt: The system preference you set for Light Mode or Dark Mode on your computer is automatically applied to the Mattermost Desktop App.

Reviewer: For Linux, this is done manually through the View menu.

> Dark Theme (Desktop app only)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Dark Theme (desktop app only)
```

-----------------------------

> Mattermost applies the Light Mode or Dark Mode system preference configured on your computer to the Mattermost Desktop App.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The system display preference that you set on your computer (e.g., Light Mode or Dark Mode) is also applied to the Mattermost desktop app.
```
